feat: customize infrastructure with plugins (#1418)
winglang/wing: docs/04-reference/wingcli.md

You can deploy your stack to GCP using Terraform ([example](/getting-started/aws)).

### Plugins

> Additionally the wing `compile` command can be provided an optional list of plugins to use during the compilation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally the `compile` command can be provided an optional list of plugins to use during the compilation process.
```

```sh
$ wing compile --target tf-aws ENTRYPOINT.w --plugins PLUGIN1 PLUGIN2
```

> The plugins can be absolute paths or relative paths (to the current working directory) to JavaScript files. For more on the structure 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each plugin can be an absolute path or relative path to a JavaScript file. For more 
```

> The plugins can be absolute paths or relative paths (to the current working directory) to javascript files. For more the structure 
> or how to create a plugin see [Compiler Plugins](/reference/compiler-plugins).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The plugins can be absolute paths or relative paths (to the current working directory) to JavaScript files. For more on the structure 
on how to create a plugin, see [Compiler Plugins](/reference/compiler-plugins).
```
